These long years
we have waited
we have been foul
and unproductive
and we have withheld
we have done caring magics
and destructive magics
of the interior
but now
now we have returned.
We travelled inwards
and gained the knowledge
and power
of the interior
and now have returned
to create a continuum
of inner and outer space
sharing the body
and the labor
that goes to maintaining the body
and birthing the body
and caring for the body
and feeding the body
to assert the total
primacy of reproductive
labor over waged labor
expanding in- and -outwards
with love
and learning
and care
and the rage
burned into us by generations.